Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! I'm not gonna lie to you. I'm not in the best of moods tonight, but I'm gonna rally and bring it back. You guys are gonna put me in a good mood, right?
Harmontown is now in session! What? There you go, there you go. Okay, let's give it up. I'm Rob Schrab. I'm controlling again tonight. Let's give it up for our in-house dungeon master, Spencer Crittenden!
Look at him. Looking all good. Looking all good. Got the ponytail to the side. Looking good, ma'am. Are you shrinking?
No, I'm growing. It's a nightmare, man. I gotta die. Oh boy. I'm fat again. It sucks. I'm still fat. Let's give it up for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon, Dan Harmon.
No new taxes.
Five star stories, Uber driver.
I'm looking at my notes.
Cut it. Thank you.
I'm sorry, you discussed what you wanted at the beginning of the show,
and it totally left my brain.
Look, I'm giving you space.
I'm sensitive to you.
I came into the green room and was like, hey, Rob,
I had an idea for tonight.
It's like, whatever you want, man.
I'm like, all right, just a pitch.
You don't have to do it.
And he's like, whatever you want, man.
I was like, well, do you want to double down on the moderator practice thing?
You're going to be moderating the Comic-Con panel.
Everybody know that I'm moderating the Rick and Morty Q&A.
You could introduce it as either the Harmontown panel
or the practice Rick and Morty panel,
and in either case, bring people out.
He's like, yeah, whatever you want.
I'm like, all right, what is going on?
And an internet came out and I didn't give you anything you want.
Yeah, I mean, it's fine.
Bad friend.
That's what friends are for. I don't care.
Shitty friend.
Like I said to you back there, I don't give a fuck if you like my idea or not.
I don't like your idea.
In fact, I was even thinking about that before.
And then you went off on the thing that had you in a bad mood and you kind of lost yourself
and you went into autopilot out here and that's fine.
I can do that too.
Here's my autopilot.
I just go to my little notes here.
Oh, Bagel Boss.
Who hasn't heard enough about that guy?
Let's talk about him.
Did you see that video, that little guy?
I saw the video about that.
Here's the thing.
His name isn't Bagel Boss.
Oh, I thought he was the Bagel Boss.
He went to a place called Bagel Boss.
Am I saying Bagel, right?
I don't even know.
I wouldn't know.
Was I?
Bagel.
What did I say?
Something.
Right?
You did a whole season of television off of that, right?
Yeah, because I don't know.
I say the word Bagel and then people will alternatively go, you still see that or they'll go like,
why are you saying it right now?
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about unless I think about it.
I'm not going to think about the word Bagel.
I'm tired of it.
Whatever.
Let's move on.
This is not even worth.
I was worried that little Bagel Boss, who's apparently not the boss.
He's not the boss.
I was worried for five seconds that he would kill himself.
I think he's a viral guy.
I think I heard that he's like one of these viral guys.
Yeah, no.
He's having a field check.
No.
He's one of these people who stages things and is like, ah.
Yeah.
He's done videos before.
I think he's like the Nylon's boss or something.
God damn it.
I'm sorry, Spencer.
I'm cutting you off.
Please don't.
Who's got the time, energy, or want to do anything?
The little Bagel guy.
Yeah, but I look at that and I go, okay, I understand that on paper.
But the sheer get up in the morning and the energy that he did.
But if you have nothing else, I mean, if he could weld things.
I thought it was interesting because he's like a part of his meme is that he was like,
when he yells at the guy, he goes, you're not God, my father.
And then he kind of pauses for a second.
He goes, we're my boss.
And I thought, why would you throw that in there?
I was like, oh, he's worried he's going to get fired.
Where does he work that crediting his boss right at the end there is going to make the
difference?
Spencer, I'm sorry.
I thought he just read the sign on the wall and it was like, oh, right, boss, Bagel boss.
Oh, right, okay.
Anyways, we don't have to talk about Bagel boss.
Or my Bagel little guy.
I'm at an age now in a kind of world weariness where I was like, the worst thing about that
story was I was like, oh, this guy might kill himself.
Like, this is too much.
Like, because the video just has him cutting out.
I worried about him for five seconds until you get the rest of the story.
And it turns out like, no, he's a pig and shit.
He loves it.
And then he's like, that was a big day for him.
You're looking at one of the most important days of his life.
You guys hear about this Gamer Girl bathwater?
No.
There's this Gamer Girl what's selling her bathwater.
I like that you said it like a Jed Clampett from the Beverly Hillbillies.
I love that what's.
Isn't that funny?
What's as, wait, what are we using what's as when we talk about a hillbilly?
Who is?
Sometimes you're like, that is.
What's?
Yeah, she sold two baths worth of water now, I understand.
How big are they like energy shot bottles?
A bit bigger, like less than a pint of ice cream kind of size, but about there.
Like in a glass.
Is she hot?
Oh yeah.
I mean, I shouldn't say that.
She's probably young.
I don't think you're supposed to ask it or answer.
Well, I'm trying to.
Okay.
Let me ask you a different question.
Is he, is she dirty?
I don't know.
Well, if she took a bath.
How dirty is she?
Yeah.
Bathwater.
Well, that's, that's, that's good.
Terrific.
They'll sell anything.
They'll buy anything.
I bought, thank you for that segue.
I bought a $1,500 pool robot.
Not my pitches.
God damn it.
It's a pool robot?
Was it?
Yeah, I bought one of those pool robots.
It doesn't matter.
How big is it?
How tall?
It's like a six feet tall.
It's like a little dune buggy.
Right.
I've got the most expensive one.
I went to a pool supply store.
And I think like pool supply store is like, they must exist in some kind of bubble where
people are calling them all the time for like free pool advice.
I think like, if it was a doctor's office, they'd just be like, what's your insurance?
And people would hang up.
But a pool place you could just call and be like, hey, how many buckets of water?
Kill a spider.
You know, I think I just, I got that impression because the phone was just ringing off the
hook the entire time I was there.
And the guy kept answering and he'd go, uh-huh, uh-huh.
Hey, I actually have a customer in the store right now.
So can I get back to you?
And I kept wanting to go, you don't have a, I don't want anything from you.
I can see a fucking net on a stick.
Like I don't need your help.
Like you can talk on the phone all you want.
I'm only here because I don't want to wait a day for the mail.
And I bought a net on a stick and a pool robot.
For the bees.
Yeah.
A lot of insect life.
You have a lot of bee problems.
There's a lot of bees in the pool.
Bees in the pool.
Did you see I did a Austin Power as a bee t-shirt?
I saw that t-shirt.
I liked it.
I pressed the heart button for you.
It's selling.
It's really burning up the charts.
Over at Schrab Home Video on my t-shirt page.
Hey, okay.
Do you have any of these, uh-
Yes.
Polish moles, as they call them in Milwaukee.
No.
Skin tags.
You're not up for Polish descent.
You know, I haven't had one in a really long time.
I don't-
I got one on my-
Fuck it.
It's disgusting.
You know what you do?
Just rip it off.
Well, I wanted to ask you about it, but obviously you're going to give joke answers.
You know what you do?
You get dental floss, and you tie it up, and then it strangles it to death, and it falls off.
But what about all the talk about, like the reason I have one dangling off of me is because
at some point in my life, like it injured my consciousness-
You were cursed.
You're not supposed to fucking-
You're not supposed to touch them.
You're not supposed to mess with them.
Well, I think they do tend to grow back, but I've read that about those things.
They do fall off.
They do fall off on their own.
They can fall off.
I had one of my collarbone ones that grew, and I was convinced I had cancer for a week,
and then it just fell off one day.
But I've got this one on my arm that-
Is it new?
It looks like a little Quato.
No, it's very old.
Okay.
I'm just letting it-
I'm giving it crackers.
There's this-
There's this wart remover that comes in like kind of like, you know, like when you spray
like air spray, like canned air, and you turn it upside down, and it feels cold, and then
blows out smoke.
Yeah, you used to run around my apartment pretending to fart.
You loved that.
The day you found that out, if you held the can upside down, it would shoot visible like
air out.
It's pretty cool.
And you would like-
You went through a case of canned air, standing in doorways going like shooting like white
smoke out of your butt.
Does anybody have any canned air?
I don't think they understand.
Is there canned air in the building?
Can somebody go get some canned air?
I don't think I can visualize it if you hold it upside down, it makes sense.
There's like this wart remover where what it does is like it's a little can of like
whatever-
It freezes it.
It's not a wart.
Well, but the thing is, is it'll freeze it and it'll fall off quicker.
Okay, but you can just strangle it.
It could cut it off.
I'm told you're not supposed to-
Yeah, but that'll hurt.
If you freeze it off-
I'm not worried about the pain.
Then cut it off.
Then pull it off.
Then bite it off.
That's okay.
The reason I'm asking you is because in my mind, people don't touch them, don't fuck
with them, right?
Anybody?
Yeah.
It's been put in my head.
I don't know if this is true or not, but it's in my head the idea that if you remove
them, it could cause cancer.
I mean-
They're cancer minds?
Well, that's gotta be-
I'm hoping you're not a doctor because I don't want that to be totally true.
I don't, I don't, I don't believe that.
But that's sort of what I, I got the idea that what it is is that, well, those things
are cells gone mad, which is what cancer is.
But these things are contained at least to you, like your East European heritage in
terms of like, I'll just put a bubble on this person's eyelid, just so they can get through
this documentary about UFOs in Russia.
Think about this.
It's cancer that's trying to get out of your body.
Right, exactly.
And so when you-
It's growing now.
When you fuck with it, you're like actually hacking the mainframe of a thing that's already
on the edge.
It's like the Jack Nicholson of cells.
And like, you don't want to give it an excuse to do witches of Eastwick.
All right.
I riffed that.
Like, in the moment, I was kind of proud of it, but it's not like, it's not like, oh,
which is Eastwick, and I was his Ishtar, and I was like, I don't know.
Thanks.
Sometimes that's all we need.
What?
Just like one guy at medium volume saying, good.
I like that.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah.
I like that.
It's good.
Like, I'm actually now thinking in my head, does it need to be a guy?
Could it be a woman?
Would it be different if it was a woman?
Because I know, I mean, I listened to Tori Amis for a lady going, good boy.
That would be OK.
That's a little bit of all right right there.
I don't think it would work.
I think I would project like Freudian impulses on it.
I would be like, no, you're lying.
They all lie.
OK, too soon.
Too common.
Good damn.
I don't think there's any more to pretend to be misogynist.
But you can go down the street and get real misogyny anywhere.
Why is your fake misogyny funny?
It's not.
Is there another show?
Yeah.
Like, it's Chuck E. T. he's going like, hey.
Hey, you like, you like my dungle?
Look at what?
Yeah, what the fuck is that?
I got this thing on Amazon.
It's like, it's backing up my phone right now.
It's 19.3% finished.
To what?
To it?
Yeah.
and it's got look it looks like a ninja star I don't know if that's racist to
say now but it just it has like it's a four it's a four pronged thing like a
like a cross kind of yeah it's got it's got a different it's got a micro USB a
lightning a USB-C and a regular USB respectively as you go around the
perimeter of the karate star and and it's it's plugged into my phone right now
which means that right after I could pull this out and plug it into
ostensibly an internet laptop yeah with even less storage than my phone
anyways but once you start backing something up I can I can't pull this
out no it's terrifying I don't know anything about the whole thing how many
how many storages do you how many gigs are in each device that's attached well
I'm I'm I'm maybe coining this phrase but I'm what you call a snowball in in
the Apple douchebag community in that I bought the first iPhone and have bought
every successive iPhone and have basically only ever transferred all of my
information from my first iPhone to this iPhone I'm seven iPhones in and they
keep expanding the storage so I have never like ever dumped my phone's content
out anywhere for safekeeping so you're dodging the question wait sorry what
what I how many how many storages do you have on it how many how many gigs is it
backing up how many gigs can that device back I think this thing is smaller
than my phone that's what I was guessing yeah but I'm hoping that maybe that just
the photos just the photo roll oh if you could do that we'll just go on here yeah
yeah yeah I mean we don't want to I do I got two hours baby I mean we don't have
to talk about anything really I we could meditate yeah I'm pretty much done I've
been I've been binging the golden girls with with Cody which I know is like a
kind of a hipster thing like you're supposed you know like oh yeah girls but
but like as a sitcom writer of advancing age with a girlfriend who like would
watch it with her parents I think when she was a kid or something it was
nostalgic value for her but we will start watching it it was like you know
it's like hate watching it first kind of like yeah he's old like who gives a
shit fucking golden girls like golden girls and golden girls three or four
episodes into the first season you're kind of like I think there's something
special happening here it is I want to be very clear because we're you know we
live in a culture where it's too it's too convenient for people to be like this
is genius and you know like I don't know I mean look it television is a
derivative medium the multi-camp sitcom is the worst of the worst but it's as
far as like what you know on some spectrum of like I don't know fucking
coolness you know you're dealing in drivel but like at the same time you
have to recognize that there's a craft there like you you know when you've
watched a shitty multi-cam sitcom versus a good one and and then and then
there but then there's not just that one dial because I'm watching golden girls
I'm like I would never I don't think I would stick with this for multiple
episodes but I'm so old now that I was starting to like dial into this thing of
like geez this thing is kind of genius just in it's I think like all I can I
can do is it feels like a solar powered moped or something like it's take I was
just like this show must be so fucking cheap like they never leave their house
and they just keep talking about the same shit like one of them might get
married and the other three are freaking out about it and like but it's like it
just starts to like take on this like very you're like holy shit in terms of
like the amount of energy going in versus the amount of energy coming out
this thing is actually like a like a some miracle of sitcom technology like
like a Dyson sphere but like with it it's just like what how is this so and it
really does earn all of that like kind of you know hipster kind of like well
it's pretty it is pretty progressive it means like all female cast plus they're
all yeah older they're not fuckable which is pretty amazing what you guys
really they're like oh you know I mean like when I wouldn't put it that harshly
what if one of them is listening was that what that was they knew we're going
into it that that's what I mean the only time is seriously the only time
something like that will ever happen again is if they reboot golden girls
right like there they'll nobody's gonna go let's get a bunch of we want the next
golden girls or whatever I mean was designing women on the same network or
was it like designing women was NBC I don't know what was what was golden girls
then well I have no idea I don't really see the Tarantino episode of golden girl
no I haven't seen that yet yeah he didn't write or direct it if that's what
you're hoping but there is it you get through the first season and you can
tell there's something magical while you watch a first season of a show and you
can kind of see like like oh they're operating in total darkness like like
they're on a soundstage somewhere and they they have no idea you know they
like like they don't know they're gonna be syndicated they don't know there's
probably who knows how these show you know they might have banked 25 episodes
before they aired a single one I have no idea what the history of that show is but
you know it's okay just a real almost criminal simplicity to the first season
which is went through all 25 episodes and it's kind of like it was very
interested too in this idea of like obviously that note of schmuck bait what
didn't exist back then because golden girls is like season one is like if you
were ever gonna get the note of schmuck bait from what do you mean schmuck bait
schmuck bait is when is is just like in broadcast sitcoms it would be like a note
you'd get that where like you can't expect the audience to believe their
stakes here so like like oh Barney Miller is gonna retire in like an episode
17 of Barney Miller where like what why would the show yeah it's like schmuck
bait like we know that's not gonna happen so don't so like oh this is like do
you think the audience is a schmuck like why would you be pretending that this
is allowable as a good story oh shit kettle one the breakfast thank you guys
son god this place is so fancy I don't know why I didn't know he was here kettle
one audience zero yeah that was Jeff Davis for those of you
Jeff Davis came in with a bucket of ice he presented the kettle one and Dan sat
down you never got the schmuck bait note you got it when we were writing
together we've got the schmuck bait no it kind of goes hand-in-hand with the
should I stay or should I go which is like that's that's like a category of
schmuck bait where if you're writing a pilot like I like you can't you can't
spend your pilot having the protagonist go I don't know should I be here or not
like oh maybe I shouldn't be here it's like hey schmuck like they're obviously
their faces on the poster and in all the commercials like we know that Diane's
gonna keep working at Cheers stop it but but they she stopped they did it back
them they got away with it and it's okay it's kind of it's fun to look at and go
like damn they didn't have that note to contend with so they were able to tell
like simpler stories where it was just like every fucking week one of the
golden girls was worried that one of the other golden girls was gonna move out
and it was like come on that's the one thing we know can't happen but anyways
but the thing I wanted to talk about was yeah I was hoping this one out Jeff
Davis just walked out I hope he just keeps bringing things making the the
ice bucket yeah presentable thank you very much Jeff just left if you're an
aficionado if you're like an aspiring TV writer or something like that I don't
recommend this for everybody I'm not a foodie of television I'm not learn to
swim but I think if you're an aspiring like sitcom writer if that if that craft
is gonna stick around but whatever I think the wash dishes season season two
episode one of the golden girls very interesting learn to paint obviously
they took a break obviously then the reviews were probably like holy shit
these guys are great together there's something really amazing about this show
it's working really well we love it we love it it probably wasn't like bet
heavily on the budget was low probably the and then it was like explosively
popular and then like one can only imagine who knows you can speculate
forever and then like so that season two starts with episode one and it's like
they're in a in a new set that you've never seen before all of a sudden you're
in the golden girls garage which you've never seen before two of them are
building mink cages this is a show that was like if you if you are a fan if
you've been into it you know like how just like kind of provincial it was it
was like they just went back and forth from the living room to the kitchen in
eat cheesecake and talked about the top stories yeah bottle of water bottle of
arrowhead tonight's show is sponsored by arrowhead water arrowhead water when you
need a refreshing arrowhead Jeff Davis Jeff Davis so season two starts and
they're like they're like oh god we're never gonna finish these mink cages on
time and dirty going to them who thought of going into the mink business and it's
like it's not even if it's not even an episode about going into the mink they've
gone into the mink business that's the crazy it's not an episode about them
deciding to go into it they're gonna sell mink it turns out to have nothing to
do it's like a runner in the episode so that in the end they can go look the
minks are fucking it was it was it was about room a clan of hands menopause the
episode so fucking like out of control and I if you're if you're if anybody
that worked on the Golden Girls like I'm confident that if you're proud of that
episode you're not the kind of person that I'm worried about offending but like
I I like like because I think that anyway that worked on that show would they
have to there has to be a story behind anybody anybody that can write a show
about a bunch of people hanging out in a living room and is able to get past page
one is a fucking hero to me they keep cranking the because I'm like what I
keep I mean you could do it I'd be like where do I go somebody's gonna have to I
mean yeah it sucks it's a it sucks even if and you can cheat by like having your
show be about a dude that burps and says like let's we got to go get all the
diarrhea and then someone goes like oh geez I don't know if we should do that
and you're like halfway through a page like that's cheating I mean the Golden
Girls writers I don't think that's cheating I can't do that you could try
you I have you did a good job you did your first beat sheet and Rick and
wordy that was your beat sheet wasn't it doesn't come out I had some help I mean
like yeah that's TV writing you have some help okay we work as a team all right
why don't you practice bringing out people for ladies and gentlemen put your
hands and feet together for our next guest Jefferson Davis Jefferson Davis
Jefferson Davis rolling up the sleeves Jeff just put his jacket around the
arrowhead water bottle and walk the fuck off the stage yeah I mean I I got bad
news like dude how do you if everybody keeps pointed it in there's not much of
show I mean why why why keep going on man I mean fuck it with life with
anything I mean like so yes I agree oh come on you had a creative yeah I've
been having a creative dot dot dot for the past 20 years dude don't even go
there well yeah but you why like everybody that that knows of you knows
that you're you came out smelling like a rose you like people know that you're a
genius and I don't want to hear but I'm just say I'm not trying to like pump you
up I'm just looking at it as a logician and going like what do you I mean like
what do you want a star on the walk of fame no Donald Trump no no I don't want
anything but I want I want a reason to get up in the morning because people are
out there need there there's like a friend like thousands and thousands of
people that never even bothered to send an emoji because they're that most
people don't like they they see something for 30 seconds that you make
or a minute or five minutes or 20 minutes or a hundred episodes or 20
episodes or like like overhearing in a fucking can restaurant where you're
being funny and I like it Davis yes and you take in carbon dioxide and you put
out oxygen in a world that usually does the opposite and you sleep like a baby
you go like I don't have to care about all this other shit I drink poison I put
out purified air like it's a good gig you don't have to lift any boxes no I'm
not high-roading you I'm just saying like you know yeah I just it's I'm tired
I'm tired of it I want you to tell me specifically that I need I need you as
your therapist I need you to name your your goal like you're saying I don't
know anymore I don't know right I really don't know well that's a ticket to
depression and I mean that's I don't know I mean I thought I did and you know
but it just seems then then I mean I then I only would say is then that's like
sometimes we go through those phases where we don't know what we want and
those are those are you know the grass is always greener but there's a lot of
people who know what they want who when they look at people who don't know what
they want are like must be nice like because they like they know for sure
that all they have to do before they can fucking relax is get these MRI results
or like finish this internship or turn in this theme paper or whatever the fuck
poor people do the and they they have that they're locked in that maze and all
they can look forward to is like this for like for a lot of Americans it's the
myth of retirement for but we're all doing it to ourselves every day we're
like I just got to get this and then we're gonna find out who regarding
Henry really is you know like what kind of rich crackers am I into like it's a
good movie you should check it out so you're in a place when you're feeling
like this where you get to now just fucking I mean the thing that you're
depressed about is it's bad you should be depressed about being depressed about
that because that makes you a loser I heard about it and I was like what a
loser I appreciate that and I understand that but it's it's a symptom of a
greater thing if you're my therapist you know that already yeah come on I thought
I'm talking about the greater thing yeah and so am I yeah like I think you're in
a good you should well I'm not saying you should be happy oh shit what could
happen what could happen a tie could go on the lampshade oh wait a minute the
lampshade lampshade is the neck what what head could come next I don't I don't
think he can do it I don't think there's a head oh but I shudder to wait I don't
think the head can fit on top of that you hear that Jeff that's a challenge man
also like the lampshade could go upside down but then the tie wouldn't fit why
would you put the lampshade upside down it would be easier it would fit easier
over the top of the bottle really it's oh yeah I could demonstrate but why would
I do that well it's looking like it's working right I know I'm not I'm not
trying to everybody listening at home I like the idea well there's what there's
yeah but let's not talk about anything other than Jeff's bit until Jeff comes
out again that would be good go because so that he's not taking focus from
anything he has to slowly eat himself I think that's happening yeah that's why
I'm not eager to move on we should ask Jeff he's got shoes okay now he's
putting shoes out and they're at the foot of the chair what kind of golem are
you making you guys know about this golem the Jewish golem you put like a
slip of paper in its mouth the thing it says you say you know about the golem
oh leavey knows all about it leavey hey leavey you're Jewish tell me about the
golem is that like your Santa Claus come on yeah that's true golem is made out
of clay made out of clay basically the first robot yeah right made out of clay
it's a clay robot and it's infused with Jew magic and it hunts down alchemy I
think you have to say the whole word Jew magic I think you got it I think you
can't I think the key is yeah you're gonna add the issue magic otherwise when
you're using it as a descriptor you can't just stop at the shoe like you can't be
like I got in one of those Jew limousines this is based on fact a golem is
made out of Jew magic you can't know I mean I'm just I'm just telling you
linguistically what I've come to find I think is like the you know like it's a
new I should be saying Jewish or Hebrew magic I was yeah great this is a clay
made robot infused with Hebrew magic thank you brought to life via the Hebrew
faith you did a really funny thing the other day when I left your house side
oh yeah that was I leave the house no you don't want me to do it well come on
like I come on did you okay I won't do it I want to do it I'm scared to do it
okay yeah no no it's sorry like we've entered a time when we can't okay I
won't do it I won't do it okay I'll tell you after the show it was just a bit for
Schraban it's okay so it's a golem is a alright I'll tell okay okay you know it's
we got okay but look you let me tell it so that I can protect myself a little
bit in my mind just locker room humor it was a little boy who was like
scooting past Rob's car on this like crazy contraption that like has like
this like like 90 wheels and like a big boomerang handlebar or something and
he was like a very well-dressed boy with like it was Saturday it might have been
what do you call it Shabbat or something he had a yama Khan and and he he was
riding on this crazy contraption and Schrab said as the little boy rode by is
like wait what do you call that thing and the kid was like a yanger flanger or
whatever the thing is called the brand name and Schrab's like maybe you should
get one of those to me and I'm like why are you doing this to me and just leave
and then and then I went back inside and I just knew I do the timing of it because
Rob would be like on the freeway by the time I texted and I was just like I
thought they were called yama cuz if you said to the kid like what is those
things called and he was like a yanger flanger and it was like as if they were
talking about his hat I just thought the timing of it would be funny cuz it
would be like a big long pause okay is this a good bit okay I've got a bit for
you okay it's tell me and maybe we can workshop this hopefully it'll be better
than the show fun thing from last week but okay so this is an announcer who's
does inappropriate pronunciations okay all right coming this Easter Sunday ABC
proudly presents the life and times of Jesus Christ
starring Willem Dafoe is punches pilot Catherine DeNove is Mary Magdalene yeah
and John reels back is Jesus Christ it's nice simple there's something in there
I call that like 24 carat dad humor like good dad humor like dads are funny
sometimes I call it really cool sexy I'm not bald humor
why is it that I mean like this has happened in the last five years and I
guess it's because I'm older everything I'm doing is dad humor that's what Cody
said I'm embracing it I mean I truly honestly I just means I'm on I'm on the
way out well I don't have any no no no that's not true at all I think dad
humor is coming true it's not getting younger it's not our job after the age
of 40 it's not our job oh he put a drinking cup oh boy oh we'll make it
work we have to we have to ignore him it's not it's it's not our job after the
age of 40 to be as to compete with 25 year olds in terms of like they're gonna
like like why yes like like let them like understand what Tinder is let alone
what a funny or a hack joke is about Tinder like we're not gonna compete with
that but that's not the same as being like out of business like you as you
lose your your real-time edge you gain all this other shit like you you're like
did it folks you you and one and one of the chief things you gain is fucking
calm confidence because because because because charismatic 25 year olds are
ones that that that create the impression that they give zero fucks and
when you're 45 you can you you have an opportunity to actually give zero fucks
and and and that can be helpful to a younger generation too you know so like
I like the dad joke I mean yeah I'm like I'm like I like say the most the
dumbest things I'm just like giddy like I just like smelling my own farts like
Cody I'll say something other than I'll like make the dumbest Schrabby joke oof
gotta hurt well you know I kind of it doesn't hurt because I go out of my
way dumb and I think it's interesting because I don't think I don't think dad
jokes come as a result of having a kid I think dad jokes come as a result of
being a certain age I think you like Gandalf of the white comedically which
means that you just like I don't even have to be that intense about fighting a
ball rock anymore I could just be like I'm here again
well while you were having an adventure I went and talked to the devil we made
an agreement I don't really give a fuck I got my own franchise off to the side
no one ever watches who knows what's under this robe is my dick have a big
white beard did you know wizards aren't even the same race as man in the
Tolka verse it's weird they're like angels do you know that Schrab no I never
got past the hobbit yeah it's true why you know when he fought ball rock that
was like a big deal after after he fell down shit was still happening down
there is his name ball rock or is he a ball rock I think he's the ball rock I
think there might be multiple ball rocks then someone said two people said yes to
what to there being multiple ball rocks like he's a bad angel so he's a race of
ball rock well I think I think they're like I can't remember the name of them
but they're like spirits they're like angels of the good God or whatever the
fuck and then the ball rugs are like angels of the the bad God who is not
Sauron right he's like oh here we go yeah don't punish him he's being helpful
what could come after the the drinking cap excuse me there's more than one
ring each one of the don't let him bully you whoever I welcomed your I don't like
yeah I wanted the rings to like oh one like you know makes you float or
something you know that would have been fucking cool I'll never understand what
the fuck was so powerful about that ring I mean I get it it's powerful to be
invisible but it makes you puke and turn into a Dracula that lets you control
ring rates yeah it's not a real standard invisibility it's like fun for like ten
minutes and then you're like me I love fangs it like takes you to the
ethereal plane or something like that's what you could then call it that we're
the fuck we're the fuck we're all the other rings I'm timing I'm sorry I'm
stealing you turn the guys no no you're supporting me fine it's I'm like what
is it like one ring rule them all we're the other not rules have rings yeah all
the ring which do nothing other than a door in your hand they make them into
specters under control of the the Sauron guy but not invisible maybe they used to
no I don't think they make you invisible I think they were just they just they
just they're on your hand cuz like the elves made their own right and those are
just fine they're like fine but then he copied the rings and it was like here
take all these you kings here's something you can do after 40 that you can't do
before 40 if you don't want to do something you can text people something
came up I've been using that lately and people don't want to push wait after
your 40 like I'll be like I said to leave you remember when I didn't come to
work on Friday something came up yeah I'll tell you what came up fucking
laziness I went to the drawing room and fucking hung out Steve thought that was
happening yeah I mean I didn't make a big secret when you don't come to work
there's you don't have to say something came up we just go he didn't want to
come to work today it's your show why it's your show the boss didn't want to
come to work today it's something came up something came up you can use that too
though no I look this is all I got man you can you can tell me something came
up and not show off it's it but I I can't do that I'm not gonna fire you no I
know but that's that's not me I'm not taking advantage of that because you work
so hard I try to yeah wait like what let me Tyler dirt me a little bit here let
me dr. fill you I see Jeff he's jacking for his wallet in the jacket
he produced his phone how's that working out for you I saw a stuber I saw a
coomail movie what is stuber stand for well his name is stew and he's in an Uber
whoa and it's about a different guy it's about coomail isn't it about the
the shooting guys guy David Batista I think he's called shooting guys no that's
a buddy comedy there's a dog in the poster too there's a dog in the poster
because which means I should go see it in the theater because I can't watch it on
Apple TV my fucking dogs oh shit it's a movie I thought it was okay I mean like
I mean I'm biased because I love anything coomail does and I think him and Dave
are great together I would love to see them do another movie together I no
offense to this Dave Batista guy who seems very charming and has a good
relationship with him on screen but I would love to see coomail and like a
north by northwest like every man like leave out the buddy cop thing like I
want to see coomail oh that I think do like Kerry Grant like like like oh shit
there's a microfilm and then the guy's got a knife is back in coomail is like
what happened I think he's on the way to be a oh yeah big star I think so he's
gonna be in a Marvel movie next well he's very talented and he's he has his
moments I think he's great love the guy we miss him I'm happy I text him quite
often the show's taking a dip he was a fun influence yeah wait what is that oh
I did there's some movie I was like oh shit we could watch that now what the
fuck wait what do I think I text Cody then I can remember you do looking at
your own text messages to remember what is anybody do people go through this a
lot I mean my whole life I've always known what I wanted to do and then in
the last like three years I've gone I don't know anymore I think that happens
yeah and it's and it's it sucks because you just you don't have you don't have
an X on your treasure map anymore and most people would say I mean would say
that's actually a good thing because life can be exciting again because that's
everyone's X yeah yeah I know I know I know I know I know I know but I've been
always unfortunately and this is a problem my life I've go always gone well
I'll do this and then after that I'll do be able to do what I really want to do
and I've been following that carrot for 20 years so it's and I've found found
out that there's no carrot well now I'm like well now what and I've wasted my
time searching you know waste your time but like wasted but I but I'm I'm lost
I don't know how do you even Bob Dylan is that a guy I think Bob Dylan like he
like puts metal together like he's like a good singing guy and he's like you know
what this is stupid I want to put metal together like I think that's I think a
thing that a lot of creative people I don't know I think part of it is just
like humans are designed to be happy like in the middle of something but then
when they like feel like they get what they're achieving or they kind of get
some taste of it they're like actually this sucked and I think it's but I
haven't even gotten that far you got any pieces of it bird box bird box I was
like oh shit that's gotta be rent birds delivered to your house I want to see
this free ship I want to see this bird box movie where you can't look at shit
or you go crazy I don't show me what's chasing me I'm gonna go crazy I haven't
seen that yeah bird box I hear there's this alligator movie crawl came out you
know the thing about that alligator movie crawl that came out what there was
an episode of American dad where a house floods and then a shark is attacking
everyone in the house and that's the movie crawl it's an episode of American
dad it's also the movie bait sure earlier but it's by the person that did
that Daniel Randcliffe Daniel Radcliffe is horns right he sure is same
director see that horns movie no Daniel Radcliffe like wakes up and he's like I
got horns and it's like mystical realism and I was like okay awake me when
you're Star Wars bro that's me with every movie I'm like whoa where's the
lightsabers no you're not I don't like I don't like mystical realism unless it's
so mystical it's fantasy it like tracks I don't like it when people are just like
there's a fish on my toe and then someone else is like boomerang I'm like
okay what's that those movies are challenging me yeah those are crazy
movies yeah should we should we get Jeff out when's the last time you saw the
movie orca never a little a little attempt to cash it in the jaws I've
seen a lot of jaws ripoff there were killer whales always in the ocean since
the beginning of time really and so jaws came out to I think positive
reception and people were in a flurry they were like I will I would also like
to make a movie about a thing under the sea that eats people and they're like oh
my god there's these things called killer whales we should make a movie about
them orca orca I was called orca like probably 1978 wasn't wasn't Quinn
ship called the orca yes there's a connection well because orcas I think
if they see a shark they'll fucking annihilate it I don't know if orcas ever
do see sharks though where do orcas live don't they live in like Pennsylvania
that bagel boss guy he's a charlatan he was pretty angry pretty pissed off that's
what he thought would make the video go viral you're just playing into his hands
yeah but that's okay right isn't it like well I'll tell you when I saw it
scrolling through my feed being shared by multiple people I was like I don't
like the smell of this I ain't watching and someone's like bagel boss is a fake
he's a phony and I'm like I knew it I smelled the right smell he's a fake you
mean wait so that was stage yeah that's what I was trying behind the counter no
no they know that's what sucks about it he's just like I'm gonna act crazy and
get online oh do you think he had a friend tackle him I'm fair I don't know
about that I mean it depends on where you just so if you define fake is just like
he goes he purposely was being belligerent knowing that something would
happen that he's consistently but that's not fake that's going into a public
space and being a dickhead which yeah to be online yeah yeah yeah which which which
is why I was worried only for five seconds he was gonna kill himself and
then I found out he's a person who this is the shit that he rolls around in and
I was like like one one other person's not gonna commit suicide because of like
fucking internet infamy okay he wanted it he wanted it and if the audience wants
it and he wants it then it's kind of like almost but they want it because it's
real they how real do they really want it to be though when they're like if they
really would they want to be responsible for him blowing his brains out I want to
be responsible for I'd take pride in that I'd hang that on my wall oh come on
Internet asshole blows his brain hang the bagel boss I want a lot of people to
tell you you would hang the bagel boss video on the wall and be proud of it
no first of all yes
first of all yes no be like an award for most bagel bosses killed you know we
never finished the you never got a chance to explain what the fuck happened
with the bees is as uneventful as it was like I like we introduced the segment
Spencer explains what happened with the bees and oh I didn't notice that did
that happen did I not I thought I told the whole story yeah well what what what
I I want the mundane story because I've never witnessed bees being like
excavated from a wall before what happened all right so the guy who did
the estimate he was like we're gonna have to open the wall close the wall we
were working construction it'll be bang bang boom the guy comes out he's like
oh this is a retaining wall who gave you this estimate and I was like I don't know
he was like young some young he was like some young guy like Anthony and I'm like
I don't know sure and he was like yeah this is a retaining wall you don't want
to damage in it retaining wall you know mess with a structural integrity we can
repair it but it's never gonna be the same kind of wall I'm like well there's
still bees and the and the bees are now being used as an excuse by the fifth in
a series of children's crusades to like make my stereo work yeah we thought it
was yeah and now I've moved out of the house and probably investing in apple
home pods and never gonna look back but at least all those children died people
are just gonna yeah so what did they all right so what did they do they just
walked away from the retaining wall he was like he was like okay so he looked
at it and thought about it a bit he was like okay so well what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna dig down because the retaining wall is up against a hill and so there's
a bunch of dirt so you can stand in front of the wall and shovel down with the
shovel and I was like okay that sounds great he was like do you got a shovel
and I'm like I could get a shovel so he's standing up up where the coyotes go
no no he's up there no no so you have this it's the patio wall against which is
like the the barbecue and stuff you know that lower wall oh that wall yeah
that's the one the bees are all up on it's a little short wall yeah oh okay so
he's like standing over you know chest high and kind of just hacking at it with
the garden trowel that I found so he's using the garden trowel he digs it must
have been like five feet I don't know like he did it very fast but I was like
I feel like you're gonna need a bigger shovel or something he did not need a
bigger shovel he didn't need buckets he just kind of tossed the dirt backwards
not backwards behind him like up up the hill and he eventually got he got down
there enough and then he turns on the bee vacuum there's a bee vacuum oh and
he's just vacuuming bees for like an hour I want to say like an hour and a half
and the bee vacuum looks very much like a shop vac that's just that's just it
probably is it probably well if it isn't I would be like get a shop back yeah but
it's attached to one of these bee boxes like it's a big you know maybe quadruple
shoebox size wooden box and I'm like well how do you you know how do you take the
lid off that thing there's just bees all over the place but I you know I'm not
asking questions you just take that box and sell it to like almond farmers who
are like not paying top price for like here's your bee colony you wanted to
pollinate your fucking orchard that's like little do they know they're like
these embattled confused traumatized yeah with no queen who are just like
angry at the world I asked him what he did with the bees and he said he puts it
in a cardboard box and sends it to an enemy you made a new friend yeah yeah
we were great I was like you know this bagel box guy how did you how did he say
that last part did he like give you like a little wink at the end or go well he
nudged me in the ribs with his knee with his elbow did you really know none of
this I there doesn't even a bee guy I just hit it with a pose no okay so he
doesn't he doesn't send the bee box to his enemies okay he doesn't know he
doesn't he didn't say that that was an embellishment no I thought that might be
a funny thing to say it might also might be true that it's a funny thing that he
would say because he's in that business that would have been funnier if he
actually said it yeah right but he's earnest no he's just a he's just a
consummate professional this guy okay he had a cool-looking apiarist outfit you
know in Minecraft you can make one but it takes a fucking eight what an apiarist
is a bee man yeah what what say it's lower and louder apiarist api ar ist
apiarist be is nowhere in now apiary is a bee thing apiary is like a bee house
or something but it's ape don't don't I'm trying I know but just so I can be
as smart as you what if I'm smart I'll be what's the name of a so like a bug
scientist is like an entomologist no it's it's not though but it's like
entomology has nothing to do with bug or insect or anything it's just a word
that's is that means the thing yeah it's just language it's all due to etymology
which has nothing to do with insects yeah all right come on so he vacuums up
just like will you stop for a second your quest for fucking truth about every
word I just there's just words and yeah yeah I hope you do but there's bees he
vacuumed them up put them in his bee box he takes off the top of this bee vacuum
there's a little screen down there the bees can't come out I don't know how
that happens because the bee vacuum was on top of that screen huh so maybe the
screen slides in through some but then like the bee could get out from there I
don't know I didn't question it he had the bees in a box there's something like
three four hundred bees there is still about sixteen twenty bees maybe forty
bees kind of flying around buzzing around the outside he got all the honey
comb up out of there and I think he put it in a trash bag I know it would have
been delicious you a little taste he didn't even hand it off to a bear did
he mention the queen he did not I did not ask about the queen still in there
no presumably the queen was taken with it because he got the queen would have
been you know say sick put what do you call it but sacrosanct sacrosanct it
would have been stationed up in the honey comb which he removed and I don't
know if you kill the queen I think you don't kill the queen if you can avoid
it but yeah I think you just maybe just vacuumed it up it's like God it's like
very thick in the host yeah you expected me at the end he goes oh that was the
queen yeah exactly just splits onto I guess professional apiarists like
people that cultivate bees what they'll do is they you could just smoke the bees
which I make some more man number one why does why does spraying smoke all
over bees calm them down what a dumb design I think they can't see and they
just kind of like that should be a pretty fundamental thing for all life is like oh
there's smoke I should get like upset about let me tell you this if you're
driving and there's a fog do you drive faster you drive more calmly no I drive
slower okay but I think I think it's much more more okay all right look oh be
high it's not working very well for bees there it's it is an exploitable defect
in their fucking consciousness that they react to smoke that way I think it's
more like when you park in your garage and you leave your window open and the
engine running and then you fall asleep and then you die I think it's more like
that oh you think they're getting a high off the smoke well not high so much is
suffocating right they're not they're not taking in as much right and I think
they yeah they don't they because I think some of them get a little I don't
think so I don't think it's enough to kill poisoning them but it was roofing
them yeah I don't know that they hack and cough and scream running out of the
building you know but some of them do I think some of them get a lot more pissed
off when when the smoke is happening I don't know and the whole thing is he's
in a fucking outfit anyway what does it matter if the bees are pissed or not
pissed they're not gonna do anything he's like impenetrable yeah if people that
made the people that deal with bees all the time to make honey or whatever the
fuck they're doing they they they're in the busy you know you just get queens
through the mail and then like you queens have a certain lifespan five seven
years or something it's like your bee colony needs to be a little less sluggish
than that they'll get high on the hog at the end of Queen Victoria's like rain
and like you you the they they'll just pull out the queen put a new queen in
there and the bees will be like okay cool yeah I guess we're making honey for her
now exactly like what an exploitable bunch of numerons you know they use
I mean they're flying insects that have stingers on their bodies they have no
idea how close they are to being like so like they could they could have taken
over like that oh yeah and then I mean we're I'm terrified of them and then and
it's extra terrifying when you learn that they're like super intelligent they
have their own alphabet and they like make these hexagonal fucking thing like
Jesus Christ this that's scary shit they could have like like they just need to
be a little more evil and they could they would really have us over a barrel
and stellar bees they're making like chapstick for us they're hanging out
and they're on the endangered list along with every other fucking thing yeah
big dummies way to go your big dumb shit bees yeah yeah you're on the list
along with your dopey gorillas your dumb fucked your afts stupid ants you
fucking foxes stupid ass clover eating deer I have fucking marmots whatever
that is mammoths sets I'm making shit up now it's all stupid you know you
should have done five fingers and a big-ass brain what yeah like what up the
what what what what what figures five fingers up a point up their ass no
what why would you add up the butt to what me just saying what what is that
painful if I told you how the sixth sense and would you be like what he see
that he's dead up the ass I like why would you just add up you said five
fingers and well yeah why and why did you take it there I'm not kink shaming you
but what the fuck dude I'm like making a really salient point I'm just trying to
fill time look none of us want to be here I love it anyway the bees yeah so
I'm gonna hear the end of that story he sprays the bees here he sprays the
thing with a like anti-bee pheromone or something he says the bees hate this
they hate this and then he covers it back up and then he takes the bee box
down to his car but there's bees outside of the bee box kind of hovering
around they're like where's all the bees going you know he puts it into his car
and there's a couple bees that are like trying to get into his car and I'm like
oh man do bees ever get out in your car and he's like yeah one or two and I'm
like man that's nuts he's like that's fine it's like that's an occupational
hazardous loose bees in the car and he's just come to terms with it he must
have been stung a million times and he's just like yeah whatever I asked him
about that he said like not not too many times he said like I can remember the
last time I stung I got stung well then why is he so chill about a bee in your
car is our definition of an emergency yeah what right does he have to be
did he say when was the last time he got like who was president like when he
got stung yeah who Obama Obama he got stung when Obama was president yeah first
or second term I don't know I didn't ask which term I mean are there is there
any end to that guy's fuck ups as a president I know thanks Obama but top of
everything else he got that guy stung and then he said he takes him to his
house he has like a property that has where you think he just he's just he's
like a hoarder of bees he just he puts the bees in like a bee apartment they
love it they're having new friends oh yeah no that's terrible all these bees
that end up in my swimming pool I keep like scooping him out and they're just
like why do they go in the water they're thirsty I someone told me and I'm like
that's silly I like what they're bees they could get water anywhere there's
dew drops I don't think living like a that's proof that bees can't tell
stories yeah I was like they wiggle on the pool and then I'll like let them out
I'll put them on a pair I'll take a pair of swim trunks or something I'll go
like scoop I'll put them on the edge of the pool I'll go like there you go you
did it you know you're supposedly like 70% of the food web or something I hope
you do well and then the bees like flying and he's like he gets the he works
it all out and second damn can't believe I fell into a giant vat of chlorinated
fucking like water he walks right back with plops on the pool these fucking
things I'm like I did what I did three rounds with one of them and then I
fucking smushed it I was like oh damn you can't I told him I said this is God
talking to you you have done this twice like I cannot allow you to keep walking
into my pool you are self-destructive and I am no stranger to that maybe the
chlorine made him he loves it maybe maybe maybe he's up maybe he's right
priorities he's like dude in Hollywood I'm in a pool like what are you trying
to do man this is where I wanted to go out you're not in Hollywood damn you
know they used to call him king bees because they couldn't fathom queen or
you know a woman being in charge all those bees really yeah I think it was
Aristotle who's like famous the Roland Emmerich Godzilla movie where they were
like where Godzilla like gave birth to a bunch of baby Godzilla's and and they
said oh this male must give birth to and it's like just you just say Godzilla's
a girl you god damn it why why couldn't Godzilla be well because then YouTube
would have fucking I'm sorry I refuse to review this movie they didn't mind
Godzilla into a prancing ballerina but they had they said well we this one's
not a girl yeah it was like a story point where they kept like saying well
it's strange because usually the male does doesn't give birth it's usually the
the other whoa I mean like right in the name did you do you remember when we
met with those guys yes when they wanted to do Godzilla to yeah I'm older than
both of them now we met with those guys yeah we got that was that was another
career non-changer because we pissed them off like I don't think they pissed them
off but I think I think nobody wanted no version of a sequel no well they good
but they we could have come out of that meeting with those guys going like this
is Harmon and Schrab guys like they're cool like but we insulted them on accident
oh how did you remember how because we we said we were we were movie was a piece
we were we were talking about the giant robot movie that we were writing at the
time and we were like like we were like yeah no it's gonna it's not not not like
your movie it's gonna be like just like old-school like guys in suits and then
they're there and Roland Emmerich was like I remember him as smoking with his
like like holding a cigarette like this but I don't know if he was actually
doing it he's so German that I was like just remember him like that's like what
if you took put a dog's head on a Jews body the didn't say that he didn't say
that he didn't know he did not say that he said Jewish he said Jewish he was very
tasteful about it the the no but it just picture I'm sure he wasn't smoking cuz
it was like we were in the world well it was his I mean he owned fucking he was
Columbia where it was like it was like like it anyways but yeah he and that
because remember they kind of blanched when we said we mentioned guys in suits
and then they said they said like God's Dean Devlin said Godzilla was a guy in a
suit like they're Godzilla and you said yeah motion control suit and we kind of
like we were just sort of like why are we bullying them but we didn't mean to but
I just think I don't think we hit it off came out of the gate saying well what we
wanted to do is take something really dumb and yeah cool that was like that
was ever excited he said like you watch those old Godzilla movies and it's so
cheesy we just want to make it less cheesy and you you know you wanted to
murder him yeah I would fucking kick him in but you don't regret that right no not
at all great so like like so that's a good example of like like so you're
going through some woes right now like what's the real voice the voice inside
your head don't you think that's thematically connected where it's like
you know you're like when am I gonna get a break like wait or like what you know
it's like you don't want to be on the wrong side of your own personal history
you're you're you're a creative guy that has answers to a higher calling like the
reason for your current woes are precisely because you give too much of a
fuck not too much like pejoratively speaking like you you give too much of a
fuck for them in like it's problematic for them that you give so much of a fuck
that you're like don't you why do you want your thing to be shitty and they're
like fuck you like kind of thing whatever like it happens to be a million I
mean like whatever like I at the end of your life you're gonna you're gonna be
like God thank God like like what's the alternative to that like it's called
selling out like I don't want to be like Tyler Durton about it where it's like
good I think there's a there's just as much joy to doing what people want you
to do but yeah you know you're cool everybody likes you like fucking fuck
off you didn't fuck off you guys know about counter transference yes okay
moving on now what is it what is counter transfer it's when a therapist is
is like projecting their own situation on to the client situation I think my
therapist is doing that a lot oh no this could be bad uh no unless he thinks
that I'd look a lot like him with a haircut and like he's thinking of a
time where he had super long hair and then he he got his hair cut and then
like someone give him a therapist degree or something it just but it could be in
that example that your therapist is like transferring like some kind of like
weird insecurity about their anything right whether it's physical or not but
there and then they're like why don't you just fucking get a haircut you know
that they're like how is that going by the way I haven't been he's had a thing
I've had a thing we've had some things no but when when he brought up the hair
cut for like the billionth time or whatever I was like I was like do you
go out do you think that like if I went to another therapist they would say
stuff like this or do you think that's just you and he was like well there's
this thing called counter transference and I'm like okay what the fuck are you
out of your fucking mind our next guest this is gold over here you know the
closest thing I'll ever have to a son you're gonna have kids right look I'm
not gonna kids I can't even get up out of this chair I I don't want to cast a
value judgment I just thought that was an intention that was happening now I'm
like Cody makes the world go around if she wants kids there's gonna be kids but
like she's not sure right unless I get distracted by that I want my dog to live
forever or at least you can clone your dog clone your dog not the same thing it
will be I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to clone my dog clone your
dog before it dies and then they can be friends there's too many dogs out there
that need homes and I'd rather rather give another home but I do both I just
would rather that I die before you could I gotta range that let's talk I used to
tweet stuff like that and then Courtney Love would text somebody like you're
sounding like you don't alarm let the kids know that I like you that way that's
possible like happy people are boring it's a flavor it's like black licorice
it's yummy life is darkness it's it but it's fun it's like you get your health
and and God is a weirdo it's easy for you people listen to you
people listen to you yeah and it's not making me any happier you got to do a
podcast job haven't your own podcast yeah I don't have anything to say the
Schrabcast all I've done is rack up a bunch more stories like you have where
I'm like and it's my own doing because people listen to me what you mean is like
oh I don't get fired I I fuck up and I quit or whatever it's like that's the
only difference like it I it it's like I just do is like the more permission I
get to like tell people what to do the more I let them down you should be like
excited about like your dilemma why am I telling you how to feel I like like
you're living the dream little piece of shit I think that a lot of people myself
included think about their their life in terms of I'm too old for it to happen
like everyone thinks that you know what to happen to play cards against
humanity like what's what is our dream like I yeah I'll tell you swimming pool
turns out to be pretty fun but all right so this transference thing the therapist
like I like this like you you you pull the real fucking what have I done no and
I was a fucking like that was a very dare I say like me move on a therapist like
that where you were like hey you think if I see another they would talk this much
shit like like like asking them questions about their profession and then
the guy was like forced to open the hood and go like oh well there's this thing
called transference I bet you fucked him up real good well yeah I mean that's the
thing is cuz like there was I was not making eye contact with him because I
don't because because he asked you to once he asked me to and also he just
doesn't look great I don't want to look at that yeah you want to hear his soul
cry yeah but I just mostly don't like that also I just don't want I want I
don't want to think about looking about like I want to think about what I'm
thinking about anyway but I have no problem looking at you while you're
saying this because you're not looking at me and I like looking at you because
you're great to look at especially because you're not looking at tell that to
any woman doctor fuck yeah dr. fuckface no it's true but so I and then I asked
him that I was like is that and then I was making the most direct eye contact
I was like I am gonna eat you right now and I'm sure he loved that that's what
he was wanting the whole time I had I had a threshold with my therapist once
where I was I told her I don't know how it came up in context but I was
explaining to her I told there's a story that I've told up here at least once if
not twice or more we just give it then the thing that I had a therapist who I
stopped seeing because she was crying while I was talking to her about my
childhood but it wasn't really talking about like cry worthy stuff but my
childhood was more like here's my favorite book or something and then she
was like crying and I was like why are you crying and she was like it's very
emotional stuff and I was like no it's not and then at the end of the session
she was like I feel really conflicted about this I'm really humiliated but
you called me out on the tears before I had some eye work done recently and my
eyes are watering and then my instinct when you asked me why my eyes were
watering was to lie and I was like I thought in my head like that's fine to
make that mistake and then to come clean about it it's and if you were my
mechanic it would be fine to lie about it and blame me or like but my therapist
I think it's kind of a day I just never went back and I'm sure she wasn't shocked
and I hope she never thought oh I shouldn't have been honest I hope she
got the the other message was I shouldn't have been dishonest right but
anyways but but the I was telling that story to my current therapist and my
current therapist kind of was like she basically was sort of like why are you
telling me this story and I was like I don't know because we were talking about
this one thing and she was like are you maybe letting me know that you're like a
power user like of therapy and like I shouldn't fuck around because and she
said she sort of had a way of expressing she was kind of like like she
didn't she didn't counter it wasn't like a she but she I get the message from her
that it was like because that would be a fucked up environment in which I would
have to work kind of and like she she humanized herself it was sort of like
like like she said what I would say maybe if I was a therapist and someone was
like well one therapist one time they fucked up but not cut him loose and that
I guess I would I would say to that patient I would go like well if what
you're saying to me is that this is a fucking minefield like I'm probably not
gonna get any quality work done like sweating and like worried that I'm gonna
cut the blue wire into the red wire and she kind of and it was it was a big
threshold for us like among many where I was like oh man she like I trusted her
more after that and I think the moral of that story is is both that yeah bad
therapists suck and should be cut loose and good therapists you know them when
you got them because I was able to tell that story to her and instead of her
being like what a shitty therapist holler at your girl she was like like it's
notable that you're telling me that story and like it was it was a pathway for
us to deepen our relationship and for her to be able to help me even more
because I was able to open even more gateways to her because she earned it
by reacting like a human being to that story and communicating her own
vulnerabilities and stuff and I and so not that you asked for advice or anything
and you you already know this but like yeah like you definitely have like the
green light to cut this piece of he's not a piece of shit he might be a
wonderful therapist he's yeah he's like not compatible with you the thing yeah
we were talking about that and he was like well you seem to have a lot of you
know what do you call it like weight put on your looks or you feel like your
appearances messed up and it's like well I feel like that because when I'm at the
store I'm like looking at cereal and then like a kid runs by and then like a
mom clutches the kid close and glares at me as they walk off together like I was
gonna like just reach out and start like molesting that child or something not
even making eye contact and when you're the Van Halen of molestation and when
that happens to you enough times you're like wow people must really think I'm
like a living monster nobody thinks you're a living certainly the parents who
do that to me do they they're then that's their problem yeah no I agree that's
their problem it's just traumatizing you're brought you don't look like a
monster I do to these people come on at one time I was leaving Dan's house in
the middle of the night and just as things what yeah not in the middle of
night sorry it was like at a party or something it was a while back but I was
like leaving your house and I was getting on to the sidewalk and someone was
jogging by like right at the same time and it wasn't like I stepped out in front
of them I we kind of just kind of stepped out in roughly the same space and
she like screamed and I was like I'm I guess I'm just an ogre like that's I'm
like Frankenstein I think I think she probably you startled her I did with my
appearance but I mean having said weren't you terrified that she ran by I
mean like I was terrified that that's the effect I have on people and then I
was like yeah I know this all tracks I've walked out of that gate with and it's
like it's the physical there's no line of sight
situation of it is like so every once in a while like boom somebody like runs by
or walks by with their dog I fucking freak I'm yelp yeah well but yeah but
what if those people because they were ugly or monstrous they would be so
wrong I was like there was a physical body like coming by me oh from the stool
asses fell asleep I Jesus Christ this couch isn't bad is Jeff still here I
think he left it doesn't I mean shoes that's a good point he can't really get
too far without that stuff he has his phone though
why don't we why don't we why don't we why don't we make a new friend we haven't
done that in a long time who's somebody that how do we what do we do we can't
just base it on who wants to be on stage those are horrible people but
inevitably that's what you're picking you know right it's not like if I say
who's allergic to clovers and someone who doesn't want to be on stage and is
richly allergic to clovers they're gonna not raise their hand right they're
gonna they're critical thinkers and now they have to be people who are willing
to raise their hand after being potentially called out as people who
want to be on stage so that's already gonna be like more fucked up people well
I think I well maybe I'm deluded about this but I think that me doing that kind
of actually eases the like like me calling attention to it like means that
if they raise their hand then it's like now they've thought about it and the
audience is like who's this piece of shit they can watch to be on stage it's
like I already talked about it like they're aware of the fury are you doing
any new music are you doing any music new music I hit like this thing I'm
trying to mic my car I got I got I got I got fucked up like neurological problems
man like I get into something that makes me happy and then I fucking like I
just like I'm like oh I gotta okay I get it I gotta make my car right like like
so that I can do little raps that we're making everyone happy and making me
happy and I'm like like somewhere in there I just like I just I ordered like a
million dollars worth of fucking shit that didn't work and then I was like I
don't know what it is with me I got my own I got I got fucked up shit in my
brain you know like that's gonna suck you know like that started I started
playing cookie collector that's when you know I'm really fucked up like I like
there's a couple of fans that are like on my cookie collector team which is
called Jerry Burry and they like you they're like oh shit Harmon's back and
I'm like I know what that looks they know that I'm like in some kind of
depressive state because it's like I'm all of them I'm collecting like 30
billion cookies guys got two houses where you gotta be I know it's all it's
just it's just bio rhythms I think it's just like a sine wave it just I'm not
even depressed it's just sort of like all of a sudden your expression of
happiness becomes something else like all of them are just collecting cookies I
don't know why am I not making the thing like I was like learning software and
what am I doing knows I'm a collecting cookies I don't get it yeah well we can't
we can't we can't call anybody up that that that we all we talked about was
bagel boss guy that almost sounds like battle bots Polish well there's nobody
here that's like like like that knows about skin tags and Polish moles kind of
thing is there not the cancer mind can you shout out you your expertise so you
covered in them or are you a dermatologist or holy shit would you like to
come up here and if we if we force you to and you have the excuse that we force
you to and everyone knows you're a good person or you're not you you're not just
yeah I know I'll see you then now everyone will love you yeah come on up what's your name hello Jeff Jack Jack
how do you become a researcher Jack Jack Jack Jack I just remember you're
wearing a jacket who are the guys that who are the guys that walk past me on
the Jesus fucking Christ you're gonna knock over the Jeff golem this fucking
show I just every week I want to quit and then I give it one more chance and
then Schrab who are the guys I walk past on the sidewalk when I was coming in
with you guys here okay yeah you didn't take that the really like I I felt like
I accidentally offended you guys okay because I did a thing it was like kind
of like when I for the first time I met Seth Rogen it was like we were walking
on a on a on the on a lot of some kind and there was someone I was with that
like knew Seth Rogen and he was like hey Seth it's me so-and-so or whatever and
and Seth Rogen had the it was like had this like Seth Rogen chuckle but I was
like well yeah I knew you when I saw you guys walking toward me I was like well
these guys are probably fans of mine so like I like it was like and it was kind
of an endearing thing and it was kind of like in the moment I was sort of like
because I saw you guys coming and then you were like smirking at me because
you were walking past me and then I had a moment to think about it and then you
guys were like we're coming to see your show and I blurted something like yeah
well you look like it or something it was a and I'm I really didn't I'm not
good at talking welcome Jack okay a researcher you have to do science yeah
I got in it after college I was I studied organic chemistry in college right
I was working as an organic chemist in a research lab and then I got hired and
yeah that's cool so like all right so what do you know about this maybe you
should touch it that's an either of us want that no no no just like give it a
little twiddle just so you can let it I'll touch it if you want me to touch it
I'm not concerned about it or worried about I think you should touch it right
it's entertaining to the people no it's doesn't that's not important it's a
dead what okay they have a normal life cycle they grow and they fall off
generally what are they on a cellular level they're just epithelial fish you
but like in terms of like is it is it related to cancer like is it a phenomenon
like cancer but it's just like not yeah so they're called like a nevis which is
like a form for skin lesion and which is just another word for a mole or
something like that they're not technically a how come some cells can go
crazy and start just making more of themselves and you get like the
a blemish like a mole or a skin tag or and like how come how come how come
sometimes that's just like a thing that's contained and just like falls off or
isn't isn't worrisome and then what what why is that why isn't it a zero-sum
game if a cell has lost its mind and is just making more of itself like why why
do some of them just stop and make a mole and some of them become a tumor that
kills you so it turns out that like mutations are required to make cancer
and mutations happen all the time they happen every time your skin cells get
hit with sunlight they happen every time you interact with toxic chemicals and a
lot of those mutations are harmless and in fact it takes sometimes hundreds of
mutations or or thousands of mutations to make something into a cancer and what
you almost sound like you're saying that the things that that are benign that
grow on the surface of our skin that those aren't the result of mutations they
can definitely be the result of mutations there's a genetic component to
things that grow on your skin Nevi as they're called or moles or skin tags and
the genetic component so some people especially white people have up to
hundreds of moles on their body and some people don't have very many at all
I'm also one of those people the most harmless form of white supremacy I've
ever heard I never I never knew I could get behind any form of white
supremacy until a guy like whoo to skin tags being prevalent yeah oh wow I mean
gosh yeah I feel like like thank you but you're like a dream like wait I want
to plug your album or something I mean you're like you're you're you're being
so like like fucking straightforward so I call you're so anti-Schrab do you see
Chernobyl I haven't seen Chernobyl oh is it a nightmare for you yeah yeah I know
exactly what's happening to that guy's face yeah yeah you should watch Chernobyl
it's really it's really people are really liking it oh they're thinking it's
great you should watch Chernobyl did do you have already Chernobyl do you have
Chernobyl at home do you have it at home I grew up with Chernobyl right right
right it happened to all of us did it what kind of a life span did it happen
did it fall off
long okay so important question ignore me so that so when one of these things is
growing on our eyelids or arms dangling off and like so what about this like
science that I've had programmed into me it was like I'm not supposed to do
anything to this I've heard people tell anecdotes about I went to my general
doctor he brought out a scalpel and sliced it right off after I worried about
it for six months he's like who gives a shit and then other people go don't touch
it don't fuck with it like if you pull it off it'll it's like it becomes cancer
is there any truth or reasoning vast majority will not become cancer is there
any reason why people would think that there's I mean with every so one part
of a possible life cycle of an Evis is to accumulate enough mutations to become
cancer and whether you and so maybe pulling it off is simply encouraging
it to grow more like pruning a tree in which case if it was gonna eventually
become cancer you're just giving it a kind of a boost so the worry with cancer
isn't so much that it's gonna grow it's that it's gonna metastasize it's gonna
spread your other tissues and it's gonna cause them to shut down especially your
major organs wait what's the say that again cuz that's the definition of a
really important cancer so metastasize means it say that again yeah so the the
the worry with cancer is that it's going to become metastatic it's gonna be able
to move through things like your bloodstream or your lymph into other
tissues not that well so so cancer can't just kill you by just like like I'm a
little piece of bone that decided it's not a bone I'm gonna grow into a big
ball of bone the problem is that it actually spreads to like lymph nodes and
whatever I want to kind of add the disclaimer that I'm answer this question
to the best of my ability but I'm also not a doctor I'm just you also said you
also said excuse me then you also said you weren't a good person explain
yourself I guess I'm on stage so in some in some way yeah I wanted to be here
and I don't know that I guess that doesn't make me a good person or a bad
person I mean wow yeah it's a casted paradox you're it's a Taoist principle
like like if you thought you were a good person you'd be a shitty person you
gotta think you're a bad person that's your only recourse to being a good
person yeah yeah yeah yeah and I went shut yeah are there some of the people
who are watching through subscription we're seeing your face are probably
wondering like dermatology research are you like cheating like do you like there
there are stringents at the office and things like because you have very nice
skin and I'm not hitting on you but like you're I thank you I actually it's one
thing I'm self-conscious about is my skin which is weird maybe to hear you
say that what are you worried about I don't know I I mean you're very handsome
stop it stop it stop it everyone under 40 by the way is just wonderful looking
to me now I just look and I see everyone is like non piles of bones and I go
hubba hubba to answer your original question what is what's your favorite
kind of let him answer let me I want to know what let him answer son let him
answer sunburns you couldn't come into the laboratory with a sunburn that would
be you would yeah my boss would tear my head off if I came in with a sunburn oh
like well okay well tell me a little bit about that because I'm very like very
very cockazoid like guy that just got a pool and like I'm I got a lot of British
DNA and I'm like I turned pink fast I peel fast like I like what I don't
understand sunscreen I don't understand I don't even know what to ask you I wish
you could just tell me something to make me not worry because I feel like I people
are always telling me put on sunscreen definitely tell you something to make you
not worry okay what I don't know that'd be true you should definitely worry oh
yeah I like that honestly you're saying I could lie to you yeah but you all right
don't I don't want you to I think the coolest thing about sun tanning actually
is that is my favorite fact about skin really is that sunlight yeah I guess I'm
a nerd sunlight in order to tan you actually have to damage the DNA tanning
is a direct response to like getting DNA damage sunlight actually comes in and
it mutates or destroys parts of your DNA and then your cells respond by wow
producing pigment and they produce these little shields like in your skin
melanoma melanin melanin actually produces a little shield like if you look
at a skin cell under a microscope it'll be there'll be like a little shield of
melanin over the nucleus right where the DNA is so melanin is what it's like I
think you just told me but it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a
coating around a cell membrane it's a pigment so it's like a small molecule as
opposed to like protein or something is it itself it's not it's I'm trying to
picture like like remember in high school they showed us like a cross section of
skin and it's like okay there's like all these layers so like is melanin like a
chemical that exists somewhere in one of those layers that like oh man this is a
lot gonna be a lot of science so melanin is produced in the melanocytes is a
special type of cell specifically for producing melanin and totally a special
cell yeah it's in the basal layer of the skin so the skin has like a lot of other
types of cells in it one of them is the melanocytes they have these like
special little tendrils that are like pumping out melanin pumping out melanin
and they actually like ship it off to all your other cells and give it to the
cells so that the cells can protect themselves and the cells coat themselves
in it no they just produce like a protective shield over the nucleus just
the nucleus nucleus oh wow yeah which is pretty cool that's my favorite that is
cool I thought so god damn I love fucking biology I yeah and so and so and so
our emphasis on like pigmentation with the as we you know eight billion of us
are all like mad at each other we're looking at each other on Facebook and
we're like recognizing each other as being from different parts of the world
and things like all of it really comes down to like these shades and things and
so the melanin is like a so there's like if you're if your genetic heritage
comes from a part where there's this being beaten by the Sun then then those
melanites I'm going to make you olive complexion they're just they're just
pumping out different degrees of sunscreen like which probably comes at a
metabolic cost right that's correct actually both those things yeah and so
and so white white people are at much higher risk of skin cancer than people
that have like more melanin like black I guess it's just natural suns that it's
put like because your nucleus is exposed to the Sun yes although anyone can get
skin cancer right right right not to say yeah I'm not telling anyone to go
what about Brad say again what about Brad just a friend of yours that yeah can
he get skin cancer how does he ever go in the Sun
well yeah he's Brad oh I kind of wondering yeah like Brad it's like
these mutants like so like this the thing that's hanging off of my arm which
may or may not fall off it'll pick its own time but it's it's so it's an
expression of my genetic code as a person that's descended from East
Europeans and British people and it's like it's a part of my skin that's
going like oh this is a good place for like a random fucking quato like just
like blossom off and it's like it even though it's not mutation based it is
long-term mutation based in the sense that parents are shuffling their genes
every time they make a baby and then we're all carrying over these like weird
random experiments in our DNA and some of those experiments will say like this
person should have this color eyes or this person should have like this
dorsal fin or gills or something that like might come in handy but like my DNA
is includes all this like static that's like and by the way have a little like
porcupine come off of his arm when he's 46 and like it it's it has in its own way
it's a function it's an it would only have a function if it was in the sense
of emergence if over time wouldn't it ultimately it could lead to if there was
a chance that having that thing on my arm led to my DNA like if everyone
found that incredibly hot and and not having a thing dangling off your arm
was like gross get him away from me and then and then wouldn't with this past
to my children like growing it on the same spot on my arm no okay yeah you're
asking basically is there a selection pressure an evolutionary selection
pressure on things like skin tags exactly what I'm also asking like to the
extent that it's a it's a it's a it's a function of my DNA is it is it is it
yes hereditary but it's hereditary to have them but location wise your there's
probably predisposed places on people's bodies where they're more likely to
occur just like if your mom and dad both have one on their eyelid when they're
25 and both of them grow and fall off but and then they have a kid together is
that kid more likely to have a skin tag on their eyelid or just more likely to
have skin tags I'm definitely not qualified to answer that question but
doubtful all right well Jesus Christ what a fucking podcast well if you're so
smart you tell us about the Jewish golem what do you know about the Jewish
golem what kind of magic I can probably confirm that it's not skin tag magic
right and our skin related magic thank you do you live here in LA are you
visiting I'm visiting oh who you visit or well tell me tell me when I'm
prying your sister that's the wholesome thank you stop hitting on him is she of
marriageable age does she have a brother I was gonna say is she is she is she an
older sister a kid sister and then I was like I don't even know how old you are
and then I was like can you ask anyone's age anymore I guess I always want to know
how old everyone is 28 so she your kid sister no she's older than I am she's
30 and is she here no she's not what a nice family you're you visit your
sister yeah what's it like to yeah yeah what's it yeah what I like where are you
from originally I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area okay not that much of
a track I heard a upe we got a upe and are you you you sound like you
cycled into this dermatological research part of your organic chemistry like
are you do you have do you have dreams that overflow that cup you like you you
ended up there are you happy there or is there no actually I feel like I'm kind
of in Schrab position where I'm kind of like what the fuck I don't know what the
fuck you've hit a crossroads you're like what are you you're fucking lucky man so
you're basically 28 year old dude with flawless skin are you happy now you're
in the same fucking boat so stop fucking doing what we used to call bitchin
before the me too movement okay well don't repeat it have you been me too not
no it's it's like a chemical peel it's amazing it just leaves you like it's
like it hurts at first but then it's like oh my god it sounds uncomfortable yeah
well you should see the other guy all right what's that let's do okay you know
how we let's so so we're gonna do a little game here at Jack and it's called
it's called it's called life crossroads it's an improv game that Rob Schrab and
I do where we we take you back to a point in your life where you you're
wondering like in like you're thinking like what if I had chosen this instead
of that can you conjure that moment in your head like like and what we will do
is revisit that moment sounds like a terrible idea so like the things would
be dermatology or anything else sure or like anything you could also go back to
eight years old and be like what if I had taken piano I like whatever you think
is like a really like crucial branch in your life or you're like I really wish
I could know at least and check in on who I would have been if I had done this
instead of that I know there's a lot of pressure and I can give you a couple
minutes to order I think I don't know what I would have done differently at one
point I wanted to be an engineer I don't think that's significantly different
from like a research scientist but I don't think I'm right it's a choo-choo
train yeah so different I wouldn't want if I was on a train I wouldn't want the
guy making it go choo-choo to know a lot about skin okay that's a good point see
dad humor it's fun I think that crossroads is like right now in my life
right okay I think I can look back in 10 years so tell us tell us like a kind
of dilemma you have if you don't mind of like like what's like a radical decision
that you think is on the table that you you're because you're a logical guy and
you're like oh I would never maybe do that but like like I would never do stand
up but like at this point in my life I'd be I would like think about putting
myself in that position so I'm being on stage here is like one of those things
where I'm kind of like well do something I'm uncomfortable with so we should show
you then what your life would be like if you okay all right you hear that
Schrab okay so here we go so enjoy what if Jack had done stand up instead of
dermatological research okay welcome to the comedy hut tonight on the comedy
hut okay come on people keep it going this ain't easy Ellen DeGeneres Chris
Rock my name is Ellen DeGeneres and Jack what apparently somebody's on stage I
during the intro let's give it up for Ellen DeGeneres who just said Ellen
DeGeneres here we go yeah it's okay put your hands together here's Ellen De
Generous my name is Ellen DeGeneres hi Ellen I'm not used to this format of show
you're doing great but I have a few jokes prepared that I would like to do it
would seem that a man walked into a bar in an auspicious time shit I can't do it
all right go ahead with the narration oh what are you I do a guy who a
character in the I was the emcee but I don't have the stand-up show of the
comedy hut that I introduced notes during the show okay all right what we go
ahead meanwhile backstage you said geez I heard I heard Ellen died out there it's
not encouraging yeah hi my name is a better stand-up comic yeah then whoever
would follow Ellen on her own yes she's very experienced I mean for her to eat
it out there is like very scary it's her own audience my name is David Spade I
also have a veteran comic and I'm very scared based on what I just heard out
there your names Jack yes okay all right okay all right all right we only have
time for one comedy space so we're gonna have to have two comics go up at the
same time so well Jack and David Spade please report to the front of the stage
man repeat the front of the stage not the back or either I are you cool with
this reporting to the front of the stage yeah it doesn't sound like we have a
choice all right okay ladies and gentlemen for the first time only at the
comedy hut it's David Spade and Jack bring it up bring it up bring it up
bring up the levels of laughter and clapping look the two of us can't don't
like airline food doesn't matter I can't I can't do this I'm definitely a lot
worse than a famous comic at this dude I prepared zero material you have to you
have nothing
shovel name shut up shovel name look I got shovel name look we're just got a
look shovel name we're gonna have to do improv in the show okay the only way to
bring it back okay I'd like a suggestion my name is Lauren Michaels and my
suggestion is tennis oh this takes it just got so high wait what was his
suggestion tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis is the
suggestion high stakes tennis okay right hello thanks for meeting me out here on
this tennis court yeah yeah I got well it must be nice god damn it all right
well let's get started playing tennis all right coach coach how about one of
your classic life lessons during a match of tennis this guy's pimping me it's
called pimping it's a thing all right yeah yes and give you that if you when
you if when I give you the life lesson you say thank you in a Jamaican accent
I mean how do you like it how do you like it that's what you did that's
basically what you did I don't think I'm in the mood for a life lesson today oh
anyways okay all right well so maybe maybe just serve it up and we'll get a
workout in something all right good shot coach oh did I okay I mean I win I
won yeah so we've done that one that's how you're the coach that's well you know
I won so I guess I jump over the net the skin on my leg is damaged good thing
that before I decided to learn tennis I learned about how to undamaged skin you
know about skin only damaged skin but you're such a good tennis player in the
scene we're improvising as stand-ups you know about it'll help me it hurt my
real-life skin hurts because while I was playing a tennis player in this
improv scene at the stand-up club I also actually as a comedic performer David
Spade hurt my real David Spade skin help me Jack it looks hurt if I were a
doctor I might be able to help but I could probably just tell you why it's
hurt which is that you trauma to the leg you're right and that gives me the
confidence to finish my set y'all notice that women be shopping
David Spade went on to become a famous comedian entertaining millions of
people and have launching his own franchise spade in America and SNL Jack
learned that his true calling what no matter what field he went into would
always be to know more about skin than people who did it and so it turned out
it turned out good it turned out that you your life is good I'm pretty sure I
started this by saying that the last thing I wanted was to learn more about
skin right yeah I definitely good is not how I feel about the rest of my life at
this stage you're right but I guess there's a hopeful future in there
somewhere yeah I mean there might be comfort taken in the idea that you're
trapped you're trapped in your life right yeah like there's a lot of people
listening that are like yeah I wish I could choose to not work at home depot
what are you doing what is that okay we've done more than enough show all
right I'm gonna do a skin hey hey doesn't my voice sound different did you
hear my voice Dan yeah I don't know how to end shows so we'll do a dermatology
rap here we go come on
yeah that's where racism begins yo you see somebody like oh he's dark that's
not a walk at the park you gotta observe that it's just melanin oh my god let me
in let me into your heart my name's MC fart I just passed gas but I'm also gonna
pass the test I pronounced chest wrong just for this song my name is mr. Jones
whoa are you different yeah okay what's your name again I can't remember MC
something okay let's both get out of here okay my name's MC fresh start I'm
from the heart they were talking about parts oh my god I'm on a cart you can
order me from the start I'd like to I'm getting out of here too check one my
name is MC new how do you do I'm here to wrap to close the show okay I'm also
leaving my name is Optimus Prime I'm here to bring the rhymes I turned from a
truck into a man now doing all I can opening my chest revealing the matrix
what what's gonna write the matrix it doesn't auto-bots transform and roll
out okay fight the guy I'm fighting Megatron on the Hoover Dam what was your
favorite show when you were a kid I heard a team mr. T mr. T mr. T
mr. T mr. T how do you end the show
sharing himself don't ask him for medical advice
Oh
Nice to you to show up look at this guy
The what you're one job ending the show
Jack don't don't don't don't ask him about your moles when you do you want to plug anything do you have a sound cloud or anything?
Okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah, buy him a drink, but
Rob Schrab Spencer Crittenden
Thank you guys for coming out on a Monday, and we'll see you next week
Did you get any of that